PROJECT TITLE: Guainia Department Vicariate's 2020, climate change adaptation strategies for educational institutions. 'Laudato Si' from bishop Francisco about home care.

LOCAL PARTNER: Inirida's apostolic vicariate.

SECTOR: Education, environment.

FUNDER: Social pastoral, and others.

Duration (months): 12.

Short description: Actually, the world's eyes are focusing on alternatives to the climate crisis that's happening around the globe. For this, there's a series of national and international events, to the search of strategies and policies that can close the relationship between man and nature. The inclusion of the environmental dimension in the curriculum of educational projects PEI through the environmental projects PRAE is one of those strategies where the scholar institution can participate in the solution of environmental issues that can occur in certain regions, right from the classroom. 'Laudato Si' is the guide bishop Francisco establishes to take care of the home. To realize it's disclosure and generate local strategies, allowing the institutions to recognize that the world issues affect everybody, and we should all be united to solve it.

It is necessary to alert the young ones, so they will project it in their homes and the community a need to take care of the environment. By doing this, the next generations can enjoy a healthy and pleasant planet.

OBJECTIVE: To develop theoretical and practical sensization activities, leading to environment protection and conservation.

DIRECT BENEFICIARY POPULATION: 4.673 registered students in the NUCLEO CINCO VICHADA - GUAINIA 2019, sorted in 21 Vichada's centers and 23 Guainia's venues.

INDIRECT: 837 families between Guainia and Vichada.

PROJECT NEEDED FINANCIERS AND DONATIONS

Total Value per components COP EUR DOLLAR

Logistic:

Personal:

Formation materials:

Total:

Required contribution:

CONTACT INFORMATION

Mgr JOSELITO CARRERO QUIÑONEZ, M.X.Y

Inirida's Apostolic Vicareate. Episcopal conference of Colombia.
Address: Cll 15 N. 6-50. Inírida [Guainía], Colombia.

Phone: (8) 5656032 Fax: 5656171.

Email: iniridavic.cec.org.co
